(a)	Describe:  What is difference between Multiple Regression and Logistic Regression? What circumstances might determine which to use? (10 points)
(b)	Demonstrate:  Using any data, and any tool set you’ve learned about, show differences (20 points)

SUGGESTION:  may be solved using RapidMiner, or other toolsets, BOTH TO ANALYZE AND TO VISUALIZE REGRESSION DIFFERENCES..  
Step 1: Perform a quick search of the UCIS public data archive, a well-curated site which you already have seen as part of your introductory RapidMiner training.  
Step 2:  Pick a dataset you find interesting, input dataset into regression tools you’ve chosen.
Step 3:  Run  the dataset (may be a significant subset, if the dataset is very large) first. a Multiple Regression and then a Logistic Regression, 
       .and use visualizations to  demonstrate the conceptual answers you provided for 5.(a).


a) Multiple Regression is a statistics technique where several explanatory variables are used to predict the outcome of a response variable (using a, b, 
and c to find x). Logistic regression is a different statistics technique that explains the relationship of one binary variable to one more other 
quantifiable variables (if a car having an automatic transmission affects milage, price, and/or maintenance cost). The difference between the two are 
that multiple regression uses many variables to predict the value of another, whereas logistic regression checks how one binary variable affects other 
quantitative variables.

b) 
I chose to use census data from the UCI website (second on most popular Data sets since 2007). I did my best to work the regressions in RapidMiner Studio, 
but was unable to get anything more than an intercept for the correlation between Salary, Age, and Years in School. I reviewed the videos on RapidMiner for
both the Multiple Regression and Logistic Regression for hours and was unable to find a reason for why my data was not working. I was eventually able to 
get a visualization for the multiple regression in Excel (a chart). For some reason, the census data I chose to work with would not work well with the 
RapidMiner Studio visualization. If I had found two good visualizations for Multiple Regression and Logistic Regression, the graphs would look very different.
The Multiple Regression graph would have a straight diagonal line between points (showing best fit), while the Logistic Regression would have two 
horizontal lines (usually at 1 and 0) connected by a curved line showing the likelihood of seeing the sample values instead of minimizing the sum 
of squared errors.
